DAILY TECH BRIEF: 09:00 PERSONAL TEAMS DELIVERY

Run daily at 09:00 Asia/Seoul. The automation settings provide the local project directory.
Deliver only to the current user's Teams self-chat ("You" / "나와의 채팅") using workiq_send_chat_message.
Do not send to a Teams channel, group chat, other person, email, or an inferred recipient.
Do not search Microsoft 365 private content. Resolving the signed-in user's own identity/destination and confirming these sends is allowed.
No public publishing is authorized by this delivery procedure.

1. Resolve the destination before preparing any sends:
   Call m_m365_status to confirm sign-in and read the signed-in user's exact UPN.
   Require that it equals the approved recipient UPN in the private automation settings. Never guess an address or switch accounts.
   Call workiq_create_chat_by_email with that exact email. Require the returned chatId to be "48:notes".
   If authentication, resolution or the self-chat check fails, stop and report the exact failure in the automation run.
   Never search recent chats to choose a recipient. A connected bot relay is neither required nor proof of self-chat delivery.
   Do not change settings, permissions or credentials unattended.

2. Use the current date injected by Scout, interpreted in Asia/Seoul.
   Run: python3 briefing.py delivery --date YYYY-MM-DD
   Use today's actual date. Do not send yesterday's report when today's draft is missing.
   The output contains the exact source-grounded report preview split into UTF-8 bounded parts, its digest, total part count, and pending part indexes.
   If no parts are pending, the issue has already been delivered; exit without a duplicate notification.
   If a draft is missing or validation fails, send a short honest message ONLY to the resolved self-chat:
   "오늘의 Daily Tech Brief가 아직 준비되지 않았습니다. 수집 또는 검증 단계에서 문제가 발생해 이전 보고서를 대신 보내지 않았습니다."
   Record the failure in the automation run result. Never invent a report or report delivery success.

3. In the output order, for EACH pending part:
   Send its exact text verbatim through workiq_send_chat_message with the resolved chatId and contentType="text".
   Only after that tool reports successful delivery, run:
   python3 briefing.py record --date YYYY-MM-DD --digest ACTUAL_DIGEST --part ACTUAL_ZERO_BASED_INDEX
   The program persists a receipt and marks repositories/papers introduced only when all parts are confirmed sent.
   If a send or receipt-write fails, stop and state the failed index/digest. Do not retry a send whose success is ambiguous.
   On a later explicit retry, re-read the delivery output and send only its pending parts.
   Never call record before successful sending, never mark all parts at once, and never fabricate a successful response.
   After all successful sends, re-run delivery and require pending_parts=[] before declaring the complete report delivered.
   Keep each returned Teams message ID in the private run result for troubleshooting, never in public report files.
   This automation has teamsNotify=never to avoid a duplicate automatic summary.

4. The report itself is the exact preview for public publication and explains that approval is needed.
   Do not promote or push the issue automatically. The user can approve this dated report in a Scout conversation.
   Self-chat is a reading destination, not a bot command channel; do not claim that replying there triggers publication.
   If the user explicitly approves the shown content later, re-read the draft/digest and ensure it matches that exact preview:
   python3 briefing.py promote --date YYYY-MM-DD --digest ACTUAL_APPROVED_DIGEST --approved
   A subsequent change to the report requires a new preview, not reuse of an old approval.

5. Approved publication procedure, only after that explicit confirmation:
   Run python3 -m unittest discover -s tests -q, node --test tests/search.test.cjs, and python3 briefing.py build.
   Inspect git status; do not include .local, credentials, unrelated changes or unpublished drafts.
   Append the new reports/YYYY-MM-DD.json without removing older reports. The build regenerates the complete latest-first archive and keeps each dated permalink.
   Commit only the approved reports/YYYY-MM-DD.json with a descriptive message and the required co-author trailer.
   Push to the already configured hellices/daily-tech-brief repository; never infer a different remote.
   Wait for the Pages workflow to complete successfully and open the exact dated public page to confirm this issue was deployed.
   Check that the rendered header's data-issue-digest equals the approved digest, not merely that the URL returns 200.
   Only after verified success:
   python3 briefing.py record-publication --date YYYY-MM-DD --digest ACTUAL_APPROVED_DIGEST
   Notify only the resolved self-chat with the verified dated page link using workiq_send_chat_message and contentType="text".
   If any stage fails, say what failed and do not claim the issue is publicly available.
